README.md, before:

# Geographic Data Science

| <CENTER>OS</CENTER>    | | <CENTER>Status</CENTER> |
| ------- | ----- | -----------------|
| Linux & macOS  | | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/darribas/gds19.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/darribas/gds19) |
| Windows |  | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/k9cbbpt03goyo3hd?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/darribas/gds19) |

* [Dani Arribas-Bel](http://darribas.org) ([@darribas](http://darribas.org))

Material and website for the course Geographic Data Science'19, taught
by Dani Arribas-Bel at the University of Liverpool. The course was open to
last-year undergraduate and master students.

This repository contains all the materials used, but the preferred way to
access them is through the website:

> [http://darribas.org/gds19](http://darribas.org/gds19)

**NOTE**: This course is an evolution and update of [GDS'19](http://darribas.org/gds19).

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">Geographic Data Science'19</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://darribas.org" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Dani Arribas-Bel</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Add new course url's on README.

README.md, after:

# Geographic Data Science

---

:warning::warning::warning: **IMPORTANT** :warning::warning::warning:

This is the version of the course delivered in 2019 and it is currently archived. A superseeding version of this course is available at:

> [https://darribas.org/gds_course](https://darribas.org/gds_course)

Development can be followed at:

> [https://github.com/darribas/gds_course](https://github.com/darribas/gds_course)

---

| <CENTER>OS</CENTER>    | | <CENTER>Status</CENTER> |
| ------- | ----- | -----------------|
| Linux & macOS  | | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/darribas/gds19.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/darribas/gds19) |
| Windows |  | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/k9cbbpt03goyo3hd?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/darribas/gds19) |

* [Dani Arribas-Bel](http://darribas.org) ([@darribas](http://darribas.org))

Material and website for the course Geographic Data Science'19, taught
by Dani Arribas-Bel at the University of Liverpool. The course was open to
last-year undergraduate and master students.

This repository contains all the materials used, but the preferred way to
access them is through the website:

> [http://darribas.org/gds19](http://darribas.org/gds19)

**NOTE**: This course is an evolution and update of [GDS'19](http://darribas.org/gds19).

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">Geographic Data Science'19</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://darribas.org" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Dani Arribas-Bel</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
